Update WordPress.org readme.txt file (#10096)
Automattic/woocommerce-payments: readme.txt

= What countries and currencies are supported? =

If you are an individual or business based in [one of these countries](https://woocommerce.com/document/woopayments/compatibility/countries/#supported-countries), you can sign-up with WooPayments. After completing sign up, you can accept payments from customers anywhere in the world, as long as they are paying with [a supported currency](https://woocommerce.com/document/woopayments/currencies/available-currencies/).

We are actively planning to expand into additional countries based on your interest. Let us know where you would like to [see WooPayments launch next](https://woocommerce.com/payments/#request-invite).

= Why is a WordPress.com account and connection required? =

WooPayments uses the WordPress.com connection to securely communicate with our payments server. This is necessary for WooPayments to function correctly, so it's not possible to use WooPayments without connecting. Please see [this document](https://woocommerce.com/document/woopayments/our-policies/connection/) for more information.

> Note that you do not need to host your site itself on WordPress.com, nor do you need to host *any* site on WordPress.com at all. You only need an account.

Reviewer: @aheckler I have a suggestion to slightly adjust this wording:

```suggestion
Note that you do not need to host your site itself on WordPress.com, nor do you need to host *any* other site on WordPress.com in order to use WooPayments. You only need an account on WordPress.com to establish connection.
```

Author: I've updated this line somewhat in [8454d87](https://github.com/Automattic/woocommerce-payments/pull/10096/commits/8454d87022f0686d6aa5a9531ac2ea8d375386d8).
